I'm really impressed with computer science because it has so much diversity
in it. With computer science you can be working on web design,
you can work with graphics which deals with what the screen looks like
whether it's like really photo realistic or whether it's cartoonish
you can work with hardware, so you open up a computer and all the
things that are inside the mother board the chips the the graphics
card, you can work with different types of software so you can have
different languages that you can work in, I work with Unity engine
which is making games but you can also work with different types of
applications people work on the latest version of Microsoft things like
that.